Day 52 - 36:45
==============

15:00 - Top 140 words @ 33 WPM w/93% accuracy.

Ouch. Felt really good, so I rushed it, and bam! It all fell
apart. Maybe I should do another one right away and fix it.

15:00 - Top 140 words @ 32 WPM w/96% accuracy.

Still not terrific accuracy, but good enough. And I hardly lost
any speed. Funny how that works. Errors cost you time (well, they
cost *me* time) in going, "what did I just do wrong?".

15:00 - Top 140 words @ 30 WPM w/96% accuracy.

15:00 - Number sentences @ 25 WPM w/94% accuracy.

-----

15:00 - Top 140 words @ 33 WPM w/96% accuracy.

Hmm. Almost time to move on. But...two days (three hours) to learn
40 new words? That's annoyingly slow. It's probably better to go
find words of a particular shape and drill those. I'm noticing
that when in starts working better is when I start connecting a
hand shape with a half-syllable instead of working out the finger
placements for each sound. And *that* would be much more efficient
if I picked a couple instead of adding a whole bunch like this.

Oh well. I *still* don't really have working code to pick out
words by shape, so I guess I'll keep on with this. But it's
definitely another thing to note for my steno course design.

Hrm.  Actually, I *do* have code to pick out words that use
particular sounds. It's the dictionary that's the problem. Only
this top 1000 words might contain sounds I haven't drilled to
death yet. I have machine-generated pseudo-steno for the rest of
the Plover dictionary, but there are lots of misstrokes and
mistranslations to pseudo-steno.

But...I ran into that with selecting my CVC words, and it wasn't a
big deal. You just select by sound until you get a small enough
set that you can eyeball it and prune out the misstrokes. So maybe
I can do that here as well. And now I have all the strokes for
each word collected in one place, so that makes it much easier to
see what the canonical strokes are and why each one was included.

15:00 - Top 140 words @ 32 WPM w/97% accuracy.

15:00 - Top 140 words @ 34 WPM w/97% accuracy.

1:45 today, 38:30 total.
