Day 8 - 2:30
============

- 5:00 two-letter chords (CV, C-C, VC) @ 32 SPM.

Bleh.  Let's try that again.

- 12:00 CV/C-C/VC @ 36 SPM.

Hrm.  Still not back to where I was yesterday.  Guess I wasn't ready for
the three-letter chords yet.  Well...it could also be that it's starting
to get more comfortable, so I don't need to concentrate quite as hard,
but then I'm more likely to slip back into Dvorak fingering.

- 3:00 CV/C-C/VC @ 36 SPM.

And with less errors.  Just switched the timer button to be a toggle.
And I really need to add an error counter and something to show the
current stroke...


-----

Just before lunch...well, at least I'm consistent.

- 5:00 CV/C-C/VC @ 36 SPM.

-----

3 PM and I'm falling asleep for some reason. Will typing wake me up?
Nope, apparently not.

- 5:00 CV/C-C/VC @ 27 SPM.

-----

Yet another: maybe I should drill different sets separately?

- 5:00 CV/C-C/VC @ 35 SPM.
- 5:00 C-C @ 38 SPM.

That felt easier, but wasn't much faster...but I know from piano playing
that it's more efficient to learn at a speed where you can be completely
accurate.  So maybe I should slow down and not worry about speed at all
right now.

- 5:00 C-C @ 41 SPM.

Ahh...hovering and stroking really helps.  I was kind of hanging out
*on* the keys and leaving my fingers roughly where they were, because I
had trouble moving from resting in the crack to one or the other.  But
anchoring my forearms and having a hovering home position and
consciously returning to it each time really helps.  I should know that
from playing piano: you want to think the move through first, then move
smoothly from a known position to another known position.  Also being in
a home position means the moves are only based on where you're going.
If you're not in home position you have to work out different moves
which are based on your current position as well as the target position.

I really do know how to practice properly, I swear.  Just have to engage
my brain instead of trying to do mindless drills.  Stupid stupid.

- 5:00 VC @ 40 SPM.
- 5:00 CV @ 40 SPM.
- 5:00 CV/C-C/VC @ 35 SPM

Yeah, that feels better.  And...that's an hour for today, 3:30 total.
